# VS Code and Code for IBM i Hidden Gems
Thanks to the Code for IBM i open source extension, VS Code became an IDE of choice for whoever wants to do some development on IBM i. Less expansive (as in "free") and more modern than RDi, it's already a daily driver for IBM i professionals and enthusiasts alike. But what does it have to offer we barely know? What are the less-known features that can make a developer's life easier? The legend tells that it's even possible to work locally on IBM i source code synchronized with Git or to use Visual Explain right from VS Code. But the best is yet to come and see for yourself! Whether you are a seasoned developer or just curious, join me to discover or rediscover the hidden gems that VS Code has to offer. Don't be a stranger and bring your questions along!

# Db2 for i from the comfort of your VS Code
VS Code and Code for IBM i are really built with IBM i developers in mind. Add the Db2 for IBM i extension in the mix and you get the perfect toolset for working with the database. This open source extension, built by the community for the community, brings all the tools one needs to run queries and display results from within VS Code. But wait, there's more! Data export, Visual Explain, SELF, AI integration ... there is lot of great features to discover, and they are right at your fingertips !

# Code for IBM i & Co : contribute to an Open Source project !
Code for IBM i, the popular open source extension that brings modern IBM i development to VS Code is developed and maintained by developers, for developers. Why not join that community driven project ? More than 50 people already did and contributed to it, so, come on, join the fun ! There are many ways to contribute, not only through code but also by submitting ideas or bug reports, writing documentation or just spreading the word about how nice it is! Through this session given by some of the extension's Core Team members, step through the looking glass and come discover what the Open Source model has to offer and how you, too, can join the adventure. It doesn't matter if you're a developer or not - everyone is welcome!

# Git, Jenkins and Nexus walk into an IBM i...
Ever wondered if you could use Jenkins with IBM i? Guess what, you can! Designing IBM i centric pipelines has never been so easy, thanks to the IBM i pipeline steps plugin. But what about your build artifacts? Seems like they should be hosted somewhere...into an artifact repository like Nexus, perhaps? Join this session to discover why it may be a good idea to build once, store the result of your builds and deploy it many times, to ensure deployment consistency and traceability. And all of this using state of the art open source tools!

# Design your own VS Code extension and extend Code for IBM i
VS Code marketplace hosts thousands and thousands of extensions. Dozen of developers created extensions that use extend Code for IBM i. Why not yours? Give it a shot, it's easier than it looks!
Join this session to learn about the fundamentals of VS Code extension coding, through a live, step by step approach. Discover how you can access the API exposed by Code for IBM i to run commands or Db2 for i queries on IBM i.
Everybody is welcome, whether you're looking to get started on VS Code extension development or learn new development tricks.
